fix: Updating step 5 in 'Add a Linked Resource' topic (#849)
devopness/devopness: docs/pipelines/edit-pipeline.md

1. On the upper-right corner of the applications details view click `SETTINGS`
1. Use the drop-down menu to choose `PIPELINES`
1. In the list of pipelines find the pipeline you want to edit and click `DETAILS`

> 1. On the upper-right corner of the key details click `EDIT`

Reviewer: @guipontes7 could you update this PR applying the changes below ? I believe this is more aligned with the article objective of editing a pipeline

```suggestion
1. On the upper-right corner of the pipeline details view, click `EDIT`
```

Reviewer: Just clarifying, this was a bug that i noticed while reviewing your PR but not caused by your changes in any way.

Author: File updated!
